Pain Management: What we do.
Pain Management: Okay, I don't have my makeup on, but no one's gonna see?
Pain Management: Okay, that's fine. Who's recording.
Pain Management: I am.
Pain Management: Maria.
Pain Management: Okay, okay, so let's, it's been
Pain Management: crazy as of today, we have, how many.
Pain Management: how many patients do we have.
Pain Management: Oh!
Pain Management: A 1. 0, did James calling me right on time?
Pain Management: Okay, guys, hold on.
Pain Management: Answer this.
Pain Management: 6, 7, 8.
Pain Management: Hello!
Pain Management: Hi Buddy.
Pain Management: Yes, I'm doing good. What's up.
Pain Management: 14 patients.
Pain Management: Oh!
Pain Management: 1, 2, 3.
Pain Management: 5 of us. We also have to go in little Crap.
Pain Management: Understand that information?
Pain Management: That's why. Know the feature is not follow for MRI.
Pain Management: Everyone, and I don't have time right.
Pain Management: and then I'll call her. But we'll look. We'll look into it. I'll ask my staff.
Pain Management: Yeah, I don't know.
Pain Management: So that's usually what I do. I'll explain to her on, sure, and I'll see you tomorrow. I will see you tomorrow right.
Pain Management: Oh, I should have pushed pause. Huh!
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: Yeah, you know.
Pain Management: Okay, guys. So Patricia, she said, it's coming today, right for the MRI. But there's an a person she wants to add for a consult with her
Pain Management: like I think they were together in the car accident. So just watch out on that email from Vanessa
Pain Management: Carolina.
Pain Management: Yeah, I scheduled today at 11.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: I believe.
Pain Management: Let me turn the lights on.
Pain Management: Okay, before we start. I would like to say good job to Kenya yesterday for doing
Pain Management: 6 patients come in. It's 6.
Pain Management: Thank you.
Pain Management: Was I it was all of us, though.
Pain Management: Yeah, but I know that, you know I'm putting heavy.
Pain Management: 3, 4.
Pain Management: You know, heavy weight on making sure they come, and you probably hear me being redundant. And I'm just worried because you're by yourself and Dr. E. Just came, and I know he's all over the place
Pain Management: so, and you'll get used to redirecting him.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: And you know I wanted to tell Maria because Maria was not there with us, so
Pain Management: I know. I think you were asking Laura Lee, or you're telling Laura Lee about our patience. On Friday.
Pain Management: I was. I was just asking if they knew the schedule if they knew his schedule for Thursday. Because I kid you not, I would ask Dr. Eo like when he would have like kind of like, at least like no, obviously no more than 5 min downtime. But he would have some downtime in the office where we sit, and I would ask him how to be like, oh, doctor, A. Do you know your schedule for Thursday yet? And he would pick up his phone and be like, Yeah, and then walk out of the room
Pain Management: like like that.
Pain Management: It happened like 5 times
Pain Management: since I was out there while you were with that patient in the room when I left.
Pain Management: I just asked them if they knew their schedule for Thursday.
Pain Management: Because I. I told them that I accidentally booked some people in at the wrong location on Friday, and they're like, Oh, we have 48 patients on Friday here at Huntington, and then one of the other girls was kind of like, please don't book us anymore, like, please.
Pain Management: because sometimes we don't leave till 7, 7, 30, and then I and then Lorelli I mean Lorelli was really nice about it. Kind of. She was just telling me like, oh, we don't have access to the old, to the, to the Timbras with you guys, but they should this, they should be part of this 48.
Pain Management: Yeah. So it's okay. I think you know him coming back. It was kind of 40. It is a lot. But at the same time. We've scheduled our Fridays before he had vacation, so
Pain Management: I think, for now we try our best to book less, I guess.
Pain Management: As much as possible. On a Friday.
Pain Management: Yeah, cause they were telling me.
Pain Management: It would just be, yeah.
Pain Management: They do, their injection.
Pain Management: Yeah, just be mindful, and you don't have to ask. You can also load
Pain Management: cause you know, Cheryl texted me last night.
Pain Management: Oh, with Dr. E.
Pain Management: And I'm not again. I'm not gonna engage. I choose not to engage, she says. Please do not book any more procedures on Friday. So things like that. Just ask me or ask Maria Maria can. Also, you guys know how to look at Dr. E. Schedule right?
Pain Management: So just look at that, and if you click all locations you'll see just on his name, because sometimes other people's name will be added, so it's fine. We have how many patients we need to move them right? Maria. So to answer your question, I think I told you Thursday, we're gonna have.
Pain Management: Yeah. So let's try to move as much as possible like today, like, there is a Wednesday right? Schedule.
Pain Management: Yes, I called her, and I left a voicemail.
Pain Management: Yeah, so and just text her as well. But just say, you know the
Pain Management: the provider, whoever the anesthesia is, who will do the injection, unfortunately, won't be able to make it on Wednesday. So just kind of apologize about that one.
Pain Management: And I'm sure you guys talk to them, you know, with rescheduling.
Pain Management: Yeah, yeah.
Pain Management: And then on Thursday I have Lake Forest, so Alma Barragon, the epidural, for Long Beach.
Pain Management: Yeah, I'll just call her and tell her.
Pain Management: And moved. In the afternoon.
Pain Management: And.
Pain Management: Yeah, I'm sure I'm sure Dr. E. Might do an exception for 1130. Maybe we can do her first, st
Pain Management: you know, like I don't see an afternoon schedule yet.
Pain Management: For procedures
Pain Management: for Thursday, so I guess we'll let's just move some of the Friday mornings to the Thursday afternoon?
Pain Management: Are you guys clear on that one.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Okay, so let's try our best to do that today, cause it's already Tuesday. And
Pain Management: you haven't seen it's yeah. So the the brochure. The pamphlet is big.
Pain Management: It's bigger than the paper bag.
Pain Management: Oh, really.
Pain Management: Yeah, but it's really nice, though. Hold on, let me grab it
Pain Management: with this one. It's oh, I don't know if you can see it. How do I remove the blurry? But, anyway, can you see it.
Pain Management: I could only see doctor. He's oh, right there.
Pain Management: It blurs out my theme. How do I fix this? I don't know.
Pain Management: Oh, there!
Pain Management: T.
Pain Management: Oh, okay.
Pain Management: This is the printed one.
Pain Management: Move far, but it's so nice. I like it.
Pain Management: I think, Vanessa message that
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Can you? This call it the business card? It's not glossy right.
Pain Management: No.
Pain Management: Okay, that's fine. We can just use it for next time.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: It's bigger, and then tomorrow, I think it's bigger.
Pain Management: Because the glossy was. I told you it was delivery only, and it would have not got here till today.
Pain Management: Oh, yeah.
Pain Management: Do that.
Pain Management: Yeah, we don't want to do that. We wanted to be prepared. Meet up time tomorrow.
Pain Management: I think 10 o'clock should be enough time.
Pain Management: Yeah. And then, did you want this to be? I had a question. I don't know if it's a dumb question. But did you want this to be like in scrubs, or like formal attire, or
Pain Management: you're comfortable with I I know Dr. E. Will be on scrubs cause he has probably procedures. I know Barron will be on scrubs. His. You guys haven't met her, so you probably meet her in person.
Pain Management: Whatever you're comfortable with. I think this scrubs is good. You're already comfortable with that right?
Pain Management: I'm also thinking of wearing a scrub.
Pain Management: Okay, you let us know when your final decision.
Pain Management: And maybe just wear. But whatever you're comfortable with, there's it's really, what do you guys want to wear? Do you always want to dress up like business casual. That's okay, too.
Pain Management: I think transcripts.
Pain Management: I think scrubs is like cause scrubs look formal, and that we don't have to stress about what we're gonna have to pick.
Pain Management: I'm also stressing out about it. I'm thinking about it, and I honestly do not, you know, want to dress up, but obviously make yourself presentable.
Pain Management: Yeah, of course. Yeah.
Pain Management: I think I might wear, not my white long coat, but just a white jacket.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: And what else
Pain Management: I think we're. It's 10 o'clock. 10 o'clock should be enough time for us to meet here in the house.
Pain Management: Right, Maria, but or cause we will have a lot of
Pain Management: a few patients today, I just want us to send the email before the event. You know, you guys are welcome to come early. You tell you guys tell me.
Pain Management: what do you guys want? Do you guys? Or obviously, it depends on me. Right. I need to make sure the night before the the notes are done. How about.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Okay, cause that way, when you guys come, we'll just focus on just what we're doing.
Pain Management: Do you guys have questions about tomorrow's event?
Pain Management: Like, what exactly are we gonna be doing.
Pain Management: Okay. So tomorrow's event before this, in December, just a quick summary. In December we met the big, the bigwigs, the the main, the main owners. And we basically pitch our service. And it's been 4 months to be exact that they're using us. So now they kinda we kinda like prove ourselves. So now they're gonna roll us into the entire company. So that's why we're meeting everyone.
Pain Management: And and apparently they have multiple teams. And so far, we're only working on 4.
Pain Management: So if they're gonna roll us over the entire team. So I I hope it's gonna be more busy after this. So I'm gonna talk first, st
Pain Management: whatever.
Pain Management: Oh, my God!
Pain Management: 1st and introduce us, introduce our
Pain Management: group, and maybe just say we already work with them. And just basically talk about this, what we offer. This. Is really it right? Because this is the fast turnover in house billing. I'm just gonna reiterate this, and then I'll introduce
Pain Management: I'll introduce you guys as well. You guys don't have to talk. It's just this is our group. And then Dr. E. Will talk. He's probably going to talk about procedures, and then we'll we'll introduce Dr. Farren as a neurosurgeon. That work with us, and we might have another orthopedic doctor that
Pain Management: we will also introduce. So my goal is, the talk will be less than 20, Max. 30 min, because we don't want to talk our heads off. We want them to eat, and the main goal is when the food comes,
Pain Management: main goal is to just talk to them and mingle. And you guys are representing us. So you guys talk as well
Pain Management: to them, and we'll give out.
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: After the talk, or or while they're eating, make sure we're handing out the the what do you call that? The good.
Pain Management: 30 bucks.
Pain Management: The goodie bags.
Pain Management: It's only like a few pieces inside, like
Pain Management: there's a chips. There's a it's like maybe 3 or 4 pieces, which is fine.
Pain Management: Not everyone gives Goody Bag.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: I mean, I want. I know I was. We would have prepared more by giving cute stuff. Mark is thinking like, remember, Maria, the the cute stuff toy. We don't have time. So that's fine. I know we're starting big.
Pain Management: Usually we start small. But this is a big firm. This is, you know, sweet James is huge. It's 1 of the biggest in California. So
Pain Management: which, you know, we're starting with a bank. So the goal is, maybe every month. We have to do this at least twice a month to meaning 2 law firms to kind of do this.
Pain Management: Introduce us. Basically, we're this is marketing. We're marketing ourselves. That is our goal, right?
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: And you guys are very important in this
Pain Management: group to make it work. So if they talk to you, just talk, you know.
Pain Management: just whatever you're presenting the group and your pain management.
Pain Management: And if you don't, just.
Pain Management: you know, if you don't know the answer, then then don't
Pain Management: just just be yourself. Just be yourself. You know we are, but you are just just know that you are representing us, and we we work as a team as a team, not individually. That's why I was like the, you know, like, like you see on Dr. E. And I like we're not. I mean, you work with Dr. E. You know he's not. There are worse doctors, so we are.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: We're fortunate we haven't. He might be all over the place. That's why our job is to make sure. Like to keep to keep him
Pain Management: at bay.
Pain Management: Okay, a few things, anything that's glaring in your end.
Pain Management: We already talk about procedure rescheduling like I said, let's try our best to
Pain Management: not schedule so much on a Friday. I understand the girls point of view, too. We don't want them to stay too long. And maybe, Kenya, what we're gonna do this Friday is we're probably gonna get them. Maybe food.
Pain Management: Like at the end, like for just the staff. Just I understand you. No one wants to. Sometimes they're there 7 o'clock, and
Pain Management: because it's, you know, and even though yes, ours is not a lot. What how many procedures we have really in Huntington Beach? 3.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Right. And we're rescheduling the rest. So technically, it's a lab. But we're, you know, we're also wanting to.
Pain Management: I actually prefer to make sure that we work with them. Cheryl is whatever she's not happy with me, and she's never going to be but the staff. It's you know, they're the ones that's gonna suffer.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: So.
Pain Management: And then work work delegation.
Pain Management: Kenya, you wanted to tell us about what you were saying yesterday to me.
Pain Management: Oh, yes, I had just brought Jonah up kind of like like, maybe like
Pain Management: making. I don't know how to explain it.
Pain Management: like setting like, okay, this person is what their main job is to do like for me, like it's procedures and scheduling. But I've just kind of been like all over the place because of the like getting the event stuff ready. But I mean, after the event, since that's all over tomorrow, like, kind of like, okay, this person mainly does this unless I mean, obviously, I want, I want to learn everything in cases where Maria needs to step away or things like that. I can help as well.
Pain Management: But it's like me. I'm I'm doing scheduling. And this person is doing this, or only because I feel like
Pain Management: I just don't want to feel like I'm not doing anything either.
Pain Management: So, and thank you for pointing that out. I think you know you just started and you got thrown in right away. And I did ask your help a lot on this event, and which I'm we're very grateful. I think, Maria, she feel bad that she's not helping enough for you especially yesterday. We're we're like in
Pain Management: We we got busy at work.
Pain Management: No, I know I know procedures gets really busy. I I understand.
Pain Management: I think I think procedure procedure days.
Pain Management: We want you to be in charge and procedure, and and until you're more comfortable with it. Then, obviously, we'll
Pain Management: we'll kind of not free range. You'll be, you know, free range, in a way. But for now you're still new, and Maria is basically in a way, doing double work, helping you out as well. Kenya.
Pain Management: On, especially on doing the procedures. I'm not gonna do the notes here after our after we're done. You haven't sent any procedure notes right? Because last week there's no procedures.
Pain Management: You think.
Pain Management: Me, or her.
Pain Management: Like us.
Pain Management: Oh no!
Pain Management: So I want. I wanna make sure that it is sent correctly. The procedure now should be straightforward. Right? It's just the procedures and the bills, but I know the consult is a little bit more tricky, and I know
Pain Management: Maria being a nurse, she understands obviously well on the plan, and what to do on like the prescription. All of that. So.
Pain Management: But the procedure notes the building of that should be all falls on you.
Pain Management: If you have question that would be Maria. Is that is that clear? I know we're gonna be evolve as we go. And since it's just the 2 of you for now, and
Pain Management: you're gonna have to really work with each other on this. And I know it's probably all over the place now, because we don't really have a set. Oh, this is what you do, this, what you do. It's more of you guys helping each other with this.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Would you be with Maria More on the day to day?
Pain Management: Flow
Pain Management: off the schedules and getting the assessment? But I know it takes some time to get the assessment at times, and then the phone would ring, and then the the email would go on. So I know it's hard because we're not in one office right where we don't know what each other is really doing. But
Pain Management: but I'm not saying that
Pain Management: and and that's okay. As long as the job is done right. As long as someone answers the email.
Pain Management: Someone which I think you guys are doing great with that
Pain Management: unless you there's something that I'm not seeing that you guys tell me.
Pain Management: is there an anything that we need to work on? Is the test working?
Pain Management: I'm trying to put in? Is it working for you? I saw, Maria, that you put some on yours.
Pain Management: Yeah, I had put some on my.
Pain Management: Is it like helping or.
Pain Management: But like the ones that like like the new consoles that come in, and they're like all call after 2.
Pain Management: Right.
Pain Management: Sometimes, like I I would forget, like, you know, cause the day goes just by like so fast.
Pain Management: Isn't it helpful? Because I forget stuff like I put on your or everyone stats about Alan Perez. I don't know if you I want you. I want us guys to keep looking at this, because the signal every 4 weeks it will be erased right.
Pain Management: I guess we can search like we can do the search bar and search the name, but it's not gonna be too accurate, and I have to tell myself to to use the task, because at least it's concrete, and if it's done, you check it off like the Alan Paris one. It was emailed right? Them right?
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Yeah. So I'm gonna check it off now. So just check it off once you're done that way, we all know.
Pain Management: And then Kenya.
Pain Management: Kenya. We have to ask Dr. E.
Pain Management: Okay, I'll ask. Today. I'll remember.
Pain Management: Remember it's I put it in there, and I forgot myself. I put it in there because we yesterday, Maria. We talked to him like so much, and we took us a long time to talk about to order food.
Pain Management: because the guy on the phone is old.
Pain Management: Oh, my! Gosh!
Pain Management: He was kind of mean. He was telling Jonah like, pay attention to me.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: What the hell.
Pain Management: He's old, you know. It's like, that's why you know I don't.
Pain Management: But yeah, no, Esais, we we need to know guys. If if maybe we can even text him.
Pain Management: So like things like this, because the attorney is waiting for answer.
Pain Management: like the ses, can we do? 5. 5. Placement and removal. 5, 9. And technically, that's just 4 days.
Pain Management: Okay, so I I leave you on that. Kenya. Okay.
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: So just I don't think we have access on the tasks, on our phone, on the Gmail app.
Pain Management: Cause you guys, it would be easier right if.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: No, I don't see one.
Pain Management: Hmm, but see, like on our phone, we can do the the task like here, you know the task that I said remember. So
Pain Management: I mean, like, remember the task that we did on.
Pain Management: Yeah, I like the thread.
Pain Management: The thread. And yeah, no like on the chat under chat. And then says, Task, I mean, we
Pain Management: huh!
Pain Management: We can utilize that as well, or you guys wanted to do the task. But at least the task here, you can see it on your phone.
Pain Management: So which one is it? It's up to you guys.
Pain Management: cause I know I know you guys go and
Pain Management: do something outside, which is again, Hello.
Pain Management: fine! But like I said, you know you do your own time as as long as the job is done, I think. Maria, you have Tebra access on your phone right.
Pain Management: Yeah, but I don't know if it gives me access to the fast pane. One I tried logging or.
Pain Management: You know what me, too.
Pain Management: There's.
Pain Management: I think we have to sign out and sign back in or no.
Pain Management: No, it won't, Kenya. You have access to the fast pane, Doc, or the West Side.
Pain Management: Have access to both.
Pain Management: Wait? How.
Pain Management: I don't know.
Pain Management: I just. I just logged in.
Pain Management: And it was there.
Pain Management: I don't know if it has to do with how Cheryl set up.
Pain Management: You have to. You have access to both.
Pain Management: Yeah, let me double check, though.
Pain Management: Wait.
Pain Management: How do I? I'm here? No, I only have access to the old one.
Pain Management: Let me see, let me see, let me double check.
Pain Management: And it says, West, sign, pain, management.
Pain Management: Yeah, maybe I have to.
Pain Management: Maybe. Oh, I we can't practice name, Maria. We can.
Pain Management: Where is that? At.
Pain Management: You'll look at settings on the on the you see this on top.
Pain Management: Click this and then click settings.
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: On the bottom, and you see practice settings click fastbain. Doc.
Pain Management: Yeah, see? I oh, wait. I do have.
Pain Management: Did you guys see that.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Yeah, I think I cause I only had. I thought I only had access to Fast Paintoc. But I see the West Side on that on what you just said, too.
Pain Management: So now, I have a fast pane, Doc accent. So we we can actually access.
Pain Management: So that's good.
Pain Management: Okay?
Pain Management: So now I know, now, we know, okay.
Pain Management: I had one more question. Jonah, are you? Are you going to be in HP today? It's only 2. That's why I'm asking.
Pain Management: I'm I'm asking. I I let's see I have. I'm going to Lv today, right? Because of the I have a patient there
Pain Management: and then let me see, and then you're.
Pain Management: It's a Spanish speaker.
Pain Management: No, no, that's fine. I can ask my staff, or I can also just call you guys.
Pain Management: And so.
Pain Management: I just wanted to make sure that this 2 o'clock is confirmed, and you tell Dr. E.
Pain Management: Yeah, she is.
Pain Management: I saw her yesterday, because that was the one that was scheduled in the morning.
Pain Management: Oh, okay, make sure you in text. Kenya.
Pain Management: Yes, and I'm also, I'm also gonna confirm Angel, because I remember he would kinda like he wouldn't pick up the phone too much. So I'm hoping that it is confirmed, so I'll text him.
Pain Management: Okay? And also when you're emailing the staff on Huntington Beach, you CC, me.
Pain Management: me see, always with your email, CC, me and you can. CC. Dr. E. As well. And, Maria that way. We all have
Pain Management: access.
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: And then what else?
Pain Management: So is it pretty good did that answer your question, Kenya? I know you. We know that you're still kind of feeling all over the place. Especially I. I asked you to do this
Pain Management: stuff, which, by the way, is great, you were able to do all of this. I know we
Pain Management: it doesn't matter if we already have it kind of. I actually like it. It turned out good.
Pain Management: I like it, too.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: It's like Dr. E. Likes his face.
Pain Management: Did you show him.
Pain Management: Yeah, he's there. He did. What did he say?
Pain Management: So he said, It's really nice, and he laughed.
Pain Management: That's just it's 1st his 1st reaction. But okay, what else?
Pain Management: Anything that's glaring, that?
Pain Management: Yes.
Pain Management: I think I think that's it for me. I'm not sure.
Pain Management: How about you, Maria? Is there anything?
Pain Management: Oh, Mark said, because Mark and I last night we were looking at the procedures and we kinda updated. You probably see names that are not there because the previous person who was helping me didn't put all the names. So just again, reiterate. Make sure everything is there, because this is our brain. What we feed in it helps in the dashboard and on the procedures. Make sure you write down
Pain Management: the the date garbage.
Pain Management: The drive.
Pain Management: On the on our drive. Yes, the Google sheet.
Pain Management: Alright, yeah. The Google sheet.
Pain Management: Right.
Pain Management: Anything else? Is there anything else?
Pain Management: I think that's it. Just the procedures.
Pain Management: We're pretty much on time on the schedule, except the patient like yesterday, the one that didn't show off
Pain Management: all kind of.
Pain Management: Yeah, yes, and she has a a mailbox that's full. And I kept calling.
Pain Management: Okay, let's just email, I think you emailed already. Right? Maria.
Pain Management: Not her, her attorney.
Pain Management: We texted her too. Okay, you have a second phone number as well on your grasshopper. You think that will work. You think she you think she? Okay.
Pain Management: I don't. I'm just worried that
Pain Management: if we switch it we won't get a call.
Pain Management: Oh, okay, I didn't know that technology. So the grasshopper, you guys, apparently on. If you look on top, we have 2 numbers.
Pain Management: Yeah, that's the number that mine was stuck on on the 1st day or the second day when me and Maria were like, Why do I have this number?
Pain Management: The 1st number, is our, the 9, 4, 9, the 2 5 9. Obviously my number. But he's saying that if the patient doesn't answer. You can use the other number.
Pain Management: It works, it actually works.
Pain Management: Maybe.
Pain Management: But what we like.
Pain Management: I love that the other number would we get a call back.
Pain Management: Yeah, that's what I asked Mark. And he said, Yes, but just just switch back to, you know, yeah.
Pain Management: just in case.
Pain Management: 5!
Pain Management: Oh.
Pain Management: Do you know of any of the case? Managers who are moms.
Pain Management: Hold on!
Pain Management: Do you mean if you know Case Manager's mom? Maybe you send like a happy mother's day
Pain Management: next week like, it's just an email or something. Oh, we don't know. I didn't ask. I think that's why we have tomorrow to kind of get to know them, mark is saying it's more personalized right again. Top of what is that thing that you said?
Pain Management: This is also like you're trying to date like a hot girl. You're all girls. This is like you're trying to get. Yeah, I don't know. You're trying to date a hot girl, so you need to like, make sure you stay top of mind and get her attention, like I know I have a very hot wife, but like
Pain Management: I don't think it's here that you
Pain Management: keep top of mind and attention so like when stuff comes up, just even a quick
Pain Management: happy mother's day, or just some that their birthdays, if you ever get that out of them. Just so you can always do a reminder.
Pain Management: How do we get? Oh, we didn't have prices, whatever
Pain Management: we didn't have. Remember, you have more, too many people.
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: I don't know if you guys heard him. But it's basically saying, trying to build the connection. Remember, Maria, when you had that build that connection with that baby who took Jack the reason why they call us because Jack told them. But still we haven't heard anything from them.
Pain Management: No.
Pain Management: Oh!
Pain Management: Anyways, that's fine.
Pain Management: Okay? So going back to the procedure, just make sure, just reiterating, to make sure that you put it in there. And if the patient didn't show up like the one yesterday, just make sure to, I guess. Leave voicemail and just remove the date that way. It's not counted on our
Pain Management: dashboard.
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: Does that make sense.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Okay. And I'm sure you guys are on top on following up on those that didn't
Pain Management: show up like on Friday. There are patients that didn't show up. How do you guys?
Pain Management: This is what I'm saying, like, maybe utilize that task to put that in there so that way, I know, and maybe I, you know, on weekends. Sometimes there are people that call and stuff, and I can also answer that.
Pain Management: So what I usually do is that when I'm emailing them, I just start again that way. It's back in my stars.
Pain Management: Do? Do you guys want to?
Pain Management: We utilize that task, or what I'm saying, or cause we don't have access here on the phone, you know, on the task. But we have access on a phone for the task bar
Pain Management: again. I just, I just want us to see what is all of us, maybe to see what is appending.
Pain Management: Maybe like for Kenya. If there are pending procedure like this patient didn't show up, I need to call back.
Pain Management: because, you know, we were all forget, and also
Pain Management: what if something happens to either of us, and we don't know who's pending or not?
Pain Management: Does that make sense? So maybe maybe on the spaces
Pain Management: we can change those names. Maybe we can say
Pain Management: we can have a space for procedure, for example.
Pain Management: And then
Pain Management: I'm just trying to like, see? And you guys tell me, obviously, if it doesn't work, I'm just trying to see what will work for us. That
Pain Management: we won't miss anyone that's like the thing. I just don't want us to miss anyone.
Pain Management: Any suggestions you guys wanted to do the tasks there or the chat task.
Pain Management: You guys know what I'm saying. Right? The Gmail on the Gmail app. We can see the task on our phone.
Pain Management: I think that one's like the the ones that we just did on our computer like where we can check off. I think that one's a lot easier. Yeah.
Pain Management: That's easier. Okay, so it's true. So then let's just utilize it more that way. Everyone can see like I know, a science. I remember, because it's here. We haven't checked it off.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Yeah. So the Ess one, we can just text Dr. E as well. Or when you see him this afternoon, ask.
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: Always better to see him in person and ask him, because it's hard for him to.
Pain Management: His mind is all over the place.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: If we don't get to him right away he will probably not.
Pain Management: So I'm gonna do this. I know I have a 10 o'clock, and a bunch of follow ups which I can just call and then I will do the notes for the procedures.
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: The procedures are, everything is in the
Pain Management: It's in the new one, correct.
Pain Management: I believe there's 1 that's on the old tabra.
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: I think it might be David.
Pain Management: David Borowski.
Pain Management: Yeah, he might. I might be wrong, but it might be him. Okay.
Pain Management: From yesterday.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Let me see.
Pain Management: I'm not too sure there is. I believe there is someone, though, that.
Pain Management: David. So maybe I know we're utilizing our zoom a lot. So you can also just put it in there, you know, old.
Pain Management: But old Tabra, or old what is our thing?
Pain Management: Ws or something
Pain Management: That way. We don't miss anyone, cause it's easy to miss if.
Pain Management: At all.
Pain Management: Doing the procedures.
Pain Management: July.
Pain Management: Note, for example, especially the procedure note. So
Pain Management: any anything else. I'm trying to
Pain Management: see if there's anything else glaring as of right now, or issue that we need to address.
Pain Management: I don't. I don't think so.
Pain Management: I know there is one note that I'm missing
Pain Management: and because I'm waiting for the team. So I'm gonna ask them tomorrow, because there, there are times we're in. I won't finish the note, because I'm waiting for the attorneys. Answer, see? And because I didn't do the task. I don't remember the name.
Pain Management: Did Doctor E. Finish? Was it Daniel Domingo.
Pain Management: Oh, you! It's good thing you mentioned that. And he told that to me yesterday. So America I mean. I'm sorry. Sorry. America.
Pain Management: I mean sorry, Kenya. Don't get.
Pain Management: It's okay.
Pain Management: You've heard America right, Maria.
Pain Management: I think I have.
Pain Management: It's cunning how they sound alike, anyways, so sorry.
Pain Management: Just tell it to him in person.
Pain Management: And for the lien agreements. Just send it whenever you're going to go to Long Beach. You don't have to go today.
Pain Management: Okay.
Pain Management: I don't want you traveling.
Pain Management: I left them at Hb. Yesterday.
Pain Management: All of them.
Pain Management: I know I left some there, and then I have another stack that I'm taking to Long Beach.
Pain Management: Okay, perfect and again, the next one, we just need to do the this thing for patients.
Pain Management: Okay. Yes.
Pain Management: Just so we can. And for patients, you know, obviously, the email, we're not gonna do that. We just wanted to make sure Dr. E's name we'll we'll we'll talk more
Pain Management: about that cause. That's after this. After the sweet James event.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: Okay, anything else, guys? So it's really important. Let's reschedule all the the procedures.
Pain Management: Maybe ask him where. Oh, no, he tomorrow afternoon. Maybe he can do stuff. I wonder
Pain Management: can you ask Dr. E. Today? Because there is that Wednesday? Maybe he can go in the afternoon to a long.
Pain Management: Yes, I can ask.
Pain Management: I'm not sure if he will, but
Pain Management: or maybe he would want it to do early. I'm not entirely sure what his plan is.
Pain Management: Just be patient with him. He's really. You can see. You can see sometimes he doesn't know where he's at.
Pain Management: Yeah.
Pain Management: And he might change his mind last minute. So you know, which is annoying. But you know
Pain Management: he's an injector. We need him to. We need him to do the injections.
Pain Management: Okay, I think that's about it. I'm gonna we could cut this short and I'll do the notes, and then
Pain Management: you'll do the procedure notes and billing. Kenya, and maybe Maria can help. I don't know how you guys wanted to
Pain Management: before you send.
Pain Management: You know you can send trials on signal, too.
Pain Management: Oh, okay.
Pain Management: If you want, or if you want, you don't want to flood our chat, you can just send it to Maria, too, whichever.
Pain Management: Okay, got it. Thank you. Guys.
Pain Management: Anything else?
Pain Management: Maria.
Pain Management: That I can remember now.
Pain Management: Okay, I'm sure we'll and then I'll see you tomorrow at 10. I'll make sure the notes are done.
Pain Management: Oh, sorry!
Pain Management: Yeah, my house. You can come early. You guys can. Do. You guys want to come early, so I we can have. I'll get some
Pain Management: matcha, or whatever you guys want.
Pain Management: We can do. I mean 1930, 10 is fine.
Pain Management: Yeah, just let me know I'm okay. Cause a again, we need to send. I really want us to send the notes before we do this because we're gonna be busy and.
Pain Management: If you finish them tonight you can let me know, and then I.
Pain Management: Okay? And then, just like, do schedule, send.
Pain Management: No.
Pain Management: Okay, I will.
Pain Management: Okay. Okay.
Pain Management: Okay, guys, you bye call me for that 10 o'clock, Maria, or whichever.
Pain Management: Okay, thank you.
Pain Management: Okay? Bye.